Draft: re-do docs landing page (#1666)
google/flax: docs/index.rst

   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Flax: Neural networks with JAX
====

Flax delivers an **end-to-end, flexible, user experience for researchers
who use JAX with neural networks**. Flax exposes the full power of JAX.
It is made up of loosely coupled libraries,

> which are showcased with end-to-end integrated guides and examples. |emphasized hyperlink|_

Reviewer: @saeta You feedback would be appreciated.

> Flax delivers an **end-to-end, flexible, user experience for researchers
> who use JAX with neural networks**. Flax exposes the full power of JAX.
> It is made up of loosely coupled libraries,
> which are showcased with end-to-end integrated guides and examples. |emphasized hyperlink|_
> 

Reviewer 2: Silly idea; feel free to use it or ignore it:

```suggestion
Flax delivers a **comprehensive platform** for JAX-based researchers, emphasizing **productivity, and flexibility without compromising the full power of JAX's composable function transformations**. Flax's features enable researchers to scale from a single local CPU/GPU up to massive TPU pods [1](http://todo/link-to-t5x-and-related-documentation).
Flax is made up of loosely coupled libraries,
which are showcased with end-to-end integrated guides and examples. |emphasized hyperlink|_
```

.. |emphasized hyperlink| replace:: **Get started now ▶**
.. _emphasized hyperlink: getting_started.html

> .. code:: python

Reviewer 3: Could you add a link to a working Colab for this?

>    class MLP(nn.Module):

Reviewer 3: What about using an example that highlights Flax's strengths a bit better?

The challenge will be to keep it short and understandable. I think it's fine if the reader does not understand all the code, but they should be able to understand what is happening, and ideally be impressed by Flax's brevity and great flexibility to tackle difficult problems...
